and we laughing at all and we laughing
at him and we'd be laughing at oh
Spencer from big mouth ack ack not good
enough in this thing that girl's got
like the significance of a stretch next
we go neither are people a little fun
day we speak of us niggas yes
should you want to know about Dylan Bob
Dylan mom is a group of like-minded
individuals who struggle is no different
than our very own low-class movement you
can always identify the real by the time
signature make no mistake do a
background check and you'll find out
they've been in the game for a while now
lurking in the shadows of raw lyricism
playing Victor by day and dr. doom when
the moon shines it steadily on the
come-up and immune to that bitch shit
villain mob is a group of individuals
set on delivering those
thought-provoking audio gems like they
have since day one don't ask why they
get a low-class clothing hookup package
hearing that shit blood enough said I'm
done Spencer from Villa mom Casey Jones
lanes group you should have to Joey one
way Jake ow shanks like knowledge
low-class don't it up unbeatable tapes
coming soon my tapes coming soon grape
soda laser guns watch out so Casey Jones
do is spin sand lance crook Charlotte's
the villain mamas us and big things got
a tape coming out unbeatable the sickest
shit to hit she's gonna be national
promising nothing but raw Liverpool
ability nice ass piece of course what I
doing
you know be no Charles to you know no
flash on this video no sir so please
don't like it no I'm also gonna be
dropping a solo mixtape that's just
gonna be modeled on the stadium from the
zombie boy man Lance crook take a buggy
pop your last one name you know mr. no
name shit goes for hours but I just want
to say man shouts out to low class
closer because you know
shinobi fuck with the demons Dylan spoke
with the Shinobi's bro it's like the
same thing man I hustles are the exact
same we like swing houses and shit we
was made from the same pot in time the
same struggle so we just living I shit
out through clothes and through because
all this shit and represents the same
thing I'm saying all the shooters hustle
shitty now this nigga made that shit an
undisclosed location and we make are
shaking and undisclosed location that
looks exactly the same from the ground
up you know and it is Gucci Gucci Chanel
type bullshit maybe we'll just do
hip-hop so you know anyway man shouts
off Joey one way by trying to say black
knowledge a caliper J skulls jet the
families Drake bro make a case in your
own expense you know just to hold the
whole clan man the whole mob hold error
the whole hood ever coming out when
unbeatable can be our first take a
perfect yes sick sick like
monaghan go put a good time so you know
we don't come on with that steel and
just you know as I say my bars man rival
crews look out for a nice case of bad
news blues biatch try showing it to out
of sight it's just cuz i'm a broke nigga
trying to lose on mega man i'm here
until a ball boy shouts out to a local
Imam cruising here p now basically low
class since day one man before we knew a
low class i was no dependency I fuck
with jilling off the plan they're
getting a package including cuz man with
this guy's finish but I guess guys cuz a
Morningside marries this guy same times
call me make a hole going love to yeah
we both not both we all came from this
lame-ass high school I'm not gonna name
it he sucks but man I fuck with your mom
that's why I'm licking them up into
little class package in earnest Ross
news
what are some trends in the industry
that you're not feeling right now uh I
mean I just feel that you know it's
fresher 101 school and dudes on skis
waving the ants are flat swag flag and
uh you know I'm just I'm not really down
with the swag what are some current
trends in the industry that you're just
not feeling right now what is what i am
doing fucking I don't like I don't like
swag as everybody else who said i don't
like that every rapper like like you got
rappers doing dumb shit i like how y'all
niggas think y'all smart but you're
fucking not with these dumbass gimmicks
and shit you have any advice for the
up-and-comers trying to keep this shit
real fuck swag rap yeah how's that fuck
swag rap